1. How to convert recursion to tail recursion? How to use continuation passing style?

2. Quick perm algorithm? (Iterative permutation algorithm)

3. Proof of Garsia-Wachs algorithm(also why it is O(nlgn)).

4. 传纸条问题最大流解法时间复杂度

5. Box stacking problem ( Rotation allowed but only unique box)

6. CCI5  9.11 last solution

7. How do "free" and "malloc" work in C language?(solved)

8.  Efficient algorithm to print all subsets of length k in an array of n elements (Stack overflow)

9. Optimization of solution to finding median of two sorted arrays problem

10. 4 sum O(n^2 logn) solution (leetcode solved?).

11. Leetcode climbing stairs print all paths

12. Use gray code to solve Hanoi problem iteratively

13. Iteration time on unorder_map ? 

14. Generalization of Bit operation method of Single Number 2 problem 

15. Regular expression matching DFA solution

16. Polish notation related problems (Conversion, evaluation..)

17. Morris preorder solution runtime error???(Asked on Leetcode forum)

18.  Find swapped elements in BST with duplicate values (Asked on Leetcode forum and Stackoverflow)

19. Reconstruct binary tree from traversal iteratively

20. Reconstruct binary tree from post-order and in-order traversal not
correct??(Solved) --> what if duplicates are allowed(Asked on Leetcode forum)?

21. Convert sorted list to BST iteratively

22. Implement iterative version of recursive sorting algorithms(e.g. Merge
Sort, Leetcode: Merge K sorted lists).

23. Binary search extensions (11.2, done, add while reviewing)

24. Two pointers problems summary

25. Word Ladder Bi-directional BFS (Yu's solution)

26. Practice BFS and DFS problems more (DFS: practice cutting branches faster)
(Using DP questions)

27. DP solution is slower than DFS solution to the Palidrome Patitioning
problem. (Asked on Leetcode)

28. C++ initialize array size using constant variable(Asked on Stackoverflow,
solved, since it is allowed in C++ by extension in gcc)

29. Practice backtracking algorithm

30. Solution to maximum m segment sums problem using DP(on the book)

31. The problem copy list with random pointer uses the approach in the problem
Clone Graph.

32. Pay attention to the edge cases and overflowing cases in number-related
problems!

33. Why does the LRU Cache store maps rather than simply store
values?(Asked on StackOverflow)

Plan: 
Leetcode(150): 10/Day
