Concepts.

CS75 video:

1. Web hosting service:
A web hosting service is a type of Internet hosting service that allows individuals
and organizations to make their website accessible via the World Wide Web. Web hosts
are companies that provide space on a server owned or leased for use by clients, as
well as providing Internet connectivity, typically in a data center.
Example: Bluehost, Dreamhost, Go Daddy, Host Gator, pair Networks.

2. Different types of web hosting service:
Shared, dedicated, VPS, Cloud.
https://hostingfacts.com/different-types-of-web-hosting/.

3. Vertical scaling:
Better hardware, like SSD.

4. Horizontal scaling:

5. Load balacing:
The DNS server can return the ip of load balancer instead of a server, and let the
load balancer decide which server the request should be sent to.
Load balancing strategies:
(1) Based on load of the server(how busy it is, the cpu usage).
(2) Store different types of files on different servers, and use the suffix of url
to discreminate them. 
(3) Round robin. Example: BIND(the most widely used Domain Name System (DNS) software
on the Internet) uses this strategy to resolve a host name --- same host name, but
different ip each time. The drawback of this strategy is that one or few server could
always receive requests that require most computation resource, making them much busier
than the rest. Another thing that can show it is a bad strategy is DNS caching, which
exists on the user's computer(maintained by the OS and browser). This caching is a
map of host name and ip address that will expire(clear) after a certain amount of
time(TTL). It is only used for speeding up the response time 
(https://www.lifewire.com/introduction-to-domain-name-system-817512). So if an user
keeps doing expensive work, it will always be done on the same server during TTL and
that server will be always busy. Therefore instead of relying on the DNS server to
do the load balancing, it is better to let the DNS server return the ip of the load
balancer.

Server-side sessions(http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3804209/what-are-sessions-how-do-they-work)
could cause problems for load balancing, because one session for a user is only stored
on one server. Solution: store all the sessions on a dedicated session server, or
the load balancer itself, which can be accessed by all servers.