1. Usually a tricky algorithm can be found by simulating the process and trying
to find the hidden pattern, or the key point.

2. For problems that an element is affected by the neighbors, usually we can
consider iterating the whole array from two directions(two passes), or try to
restrict one side or both sides. Simulation
can be done by iterate each element and expand to the two sides.
Leetcode: Trapping rain water, Candy, Largest Rectangle in Histogram

3. Use head-insertion method to reverse linked list.
Leetcode: Reverse Linked List II, Reverse Nodes in k-Group, Reorder List

4. Use two pointers to find the kth position from the end of a list or the
middle node of a list.


6. The technique that find local minimum/maximum : Leetcode--Largest Rectangle
in Histogram

7. The stack solution of binary tree traversal can store nodes to be traversed,
which can be used even if the structure of the previous traversed nodes have
been changed!

8. Recursive solution taking two nodes as parameters, usually the recursive
function assumes the input nodes satisfy a certain condition. Leetcode :
symmetric tree, populating next right pointers in each node.

9. Bottom-up recursion often features dynamic pointer(reference) as one
parameter of the recursive function.
Leetcode: Construct BST from preorder and inorder traversal, convert sorted
list to BST. 

10. Use priority queue to reduce the time complexity of finding smallest
element for multiple times.

11. When using BFS to find all the shortest paths, it is necessary to store the
mapping from current state and the previous state in a map. Note that there
could be multiple states prior to the current state. In addition to the map, it
is also necessary to store the levels of each state, since we need to check the
levels of the adjacent states and if the adjacent state has been visited and its
level is equal to current level plus 1, we need to add the current state to the
parents of the adjacent state. It can also be stored in the map.

Use DFS to find out the paths given the map, and reverse them.

Leetcode: Word Ladder II.

12. One good way to save memory is to use the memory of input parameters. This
can also be used in recording visited nodes in BFS. 
Leetcode: Surrounded Regions
Another way is to use conditions instead of mappings:
Leetcode: Roman to Integer.

13. For problems that involve with recursive relation(or DFS), always consider the
possible repetition of subproblems and try improve the basic DFS by using
memorization or dynamic programming. Note that if the returned value of the
recursive method is a single value, then there can often be a corresponding DP
solution that improves the performance.

14. To use stacks to simulate DFS process with array storing all the valid
leaves, each element of the stack should contain at least the current path,
along with other information used in cutting branches.
Leetcode: Generate Parentheses

15. DFS problems that require to return all combinations can also be solved
using DP approach. Leetcode: Generate Parentheses

16. For max/min length of subarray/substring problems, try consider the max/min
length of subarray/substrings ends with each element and the recursive relation
with that of previous element.

17. When there is a need to iterative through every pair of elements in an
array, one smart way is to start from leftmost and rightmost element and shrink
to the middle. The essence of this algorithm is that it skips many unnecessary
comparisons. 
Leetcode: Container with most water

18. For DP problems, the key is often to find minmum number of parameters to
represent the recursive relation. Think about how you can break the original
problem down to some sub problems and then try finding out the parameters that
best define the division.

19. When processing each element in an array and you want the information of
other elements, try storing the positions of other elements in a map
beforehand.
RocketFuel: Single-output deque

20. It is often very tricky to initialize the cache array for DP. If the
recursive relation involves more than 1 parameter, then the first dimension
should gurantee that the initialization of that dimentison is the most easy
one. Otherwise, consider choosing other parameters as the first dimension.
Even if this means using more memory, but as long as the memory has the same
complexity, it is OK.
Leetcode: Regular Expression Matching.

21. For parenthesis problems, if the problem uses the length of a parenthesis,
consider using the index in the stack.
Leetcode: Longest Valid Parentheses

22. When there is a need to concatenate numbers and count number of digits,
always consider converting numbers to strings! Epic: Additive Numbers

23. When there's a need to store elements in a map before hand, try thinking 
about if it makes it easier to store each element in the map while processing 
each element instead of doing it in a separate iteration beforehand.

24. If there is different representation for different ranges(from low to high),
consider to substract the high first and store the corresponding representation.
Leetcode: Integer to Roman

25. Ways of saving space(hash table):
(1) Use switch, if the key is limited;
(2) Use input space, like tip 12. If the data structure is linked list, then the mapping
can be done by adding a node between every two original nodes. 

26. If a certain operation is awkward to put at the end of each iteration in a
for loop, you can put it at the begining too. E.g., factorial /= n - i - 1 at the
end could result in the divisor being zero, so you can put it at the begining and
change it to factorial /= n - i.

27. Some times if the variables you want to swap are parameters of some function,
you can simply call that function with the swapped parameters. For iterative solution,
just going ahead without swapping may just require handling very few cases. Leetcode:
Median of two sorted arrays.

